# ElectricFieldsF3

## Table of Contents
1. [Overview](#overview)
2. [Functionality](#functionality)
3. [Libraries Used](#libraries-used)
4. [Variables Used](#variables-used)

## Overview
- ElectricFieldsF3 is a program specifically designed to calculate and graphically represent the electric field generated by various charge distributions, whether point, linear or surface. Based on fundamental principles of electromagnetic physics, this software is able to decompose and analyze the interactions between charges in a defined space. In addition to simply calculating, the program intuitively displays the magnitude and direction of the resulting electric fields. To achieve accuracy in its calculations, ElectricFieldsF3 employs advanced mathematical techniques, in particular, the resolution of definite integrals, thus guaranteeing reliable and accurate results for users, students and professionals alike using aproximate values.

## Functionality
- **Electric field**: Operate the value for the electric field for three different charge distributions
- **Graphic**: Shows to the user a graphic view of the shape and a vector with direction and magnitude of the field.

## Libraries Used
- **QT5**: QT5 is used for basic GUI design and multiple components with useful methods for development focus on object-oriented.
- **Scipy**: SciPy is a Python library for scientific computing, extending NumPy's capabilities with additional modules and algorithms.
- **Numpy**: NumPy is a Python library for numerical computing, offering support for arrays, matrices, and a suite of mathematical functions.

## Variables Used
1. **Charge**
2. **Distance to point P**
3. **Radio/Length**
